Congratulations.
You're actually learning quite a lot although things might still seem a little intimidating.
You now have a new found power where you can create Web sites you can put them online.
Now there's still lots to learn but one of the neat things about knowing how much we know now is that
you can leverage other people's templates.
Now what does that mean.
It means that unlike the startup landing page that we just created you don't have to create everything
from scratch.
As a matter of fact if you Google free Asia all five templates or free a small CSF templates there's
a ton of free resources online that you can use.
Now after this lesson I'm going to link to some of my favorite free resources.
But one of them is mash up template here.
You can actually use a bunch of free templates for yourself.
And if I let's say go to complex here or no let's to factory I can actually download the files here
as HMO and check this out find out.
Openness I now have these files and there's a lot of files that we still don't know.
There's some javascript here that we haven't talked about yet and we'll cover these in later lessons.
But the thing here is that you know about HMO and CSX.
So now if you actually double click on this HMO you have a Web site that you can use and customize to
your liking and this Web site is free for you to use.
You can now change the background image.
You can change what the button does.
You can do different things and you can customize it just like we have with a startup landing page.
But to your own liking by just changing the AML and CSX files which we have right here this is the power
of the web.
The Web allows programmers to share pieces of code so that we don't have to constantly reinvent things
from scratch just like bootstrap allowed us to do things easily.
In terms of layout templates allow us to create Web sites instead of from scratch.
We get to start with a basic template.
Now I want to try building your own startup landing page.
Up until now I've shown you step by step but you have the power to create something custom to your liking.
You can use something like mashup templates or you can elaborate on the current startup page.
You have the power to do it.
And although it may seem a little bit hard right now we're still starting off.
It's good for you to get that practice of doing things on your own.
Experimenting on your own.
And even if you fail even if it takes you hours to just center a text or a button it's going to be good
practice in the long run.
So give it a go.
Create your own custom startup landing page.
And if you're done go share it in our Dischord server.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bob.